When your demand exceeds the supply you have on hand,
you will run into a shortage.
Shortages will result in the unavailability of supplies
for the clinical staff to treat patients.
This could result in stock outages
and additional costs to overnight the items needed.
An example would be gowns used in the women's clinic.
Say the demand for the women's clinic has changed.
More women Veterans have been coming to the facility.
As a result, demand for gowns has increased
from 100 gowns per week to 150 gowns per week.
The logistics staff has not been informed of this
and continues to supply 100 gowns per week.
In this example, the current amount of supply
does not meet demand needed for the area that you supply.
Due to the change in demand,
the women's clinic has less than the amount needed
to provide to patients.
As a result, the needs of the patients per week
will not be met unless the amount
of gowns supplied is increased to meet the demand.